[master] Rearrange observability bbe menus and fix content (#5659)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/gauge-metrics/gauge_metrics.md

# Gauge-based metrics

> Ballerina supports Observability out of the box and Metrics is one of the three important aspects of the  observability. To observe Ballerina code, the build time flag `--observability-included` should be given along with the `Config.toml` file when starting the service. The `Config.toml` file contains the required runtime configurations related to observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina supports observability out of the box and metrics is one of the three key components of observability. To observe Ballerina code, the build time flag `--observability-included` should be given along with the `Config.toml` file when starting the service. The `Config.toml` file should contain the required runtime configurations related to observability.
```
